currently. I'm not married. That doesn't mean I'm not looking. I got married
pretty young. I think I was 24 or something like that. And e
got married for the same reason that everybody else does. Um, my wife
was, uh, model in my eyes. You know, she loved me a lot. I was really
good friends with her family, and I thought that that was a good
reason to get married. However, um, I think the only reason that you
should be married is you have someone who's supportive of you, and
you expect to grow old with them. And I don't think that that was,
uh, the reason that I got married. We were married for eight years and
we broke up a lot. We, uh we were separated a lot. I think we got
married. And then pretty soon after that, I I went on deployment. By
the time it came back from deployment, we were already separated.
We got back together. Um, but then, of course, I go to another state,
and her kids were in school in California. I was in Washington, Um,
another separation once I got out of the navy, Um, then I finally
came back to California and we tried again. And that's when our personalities,
uh, really living with each other. You find out that, you
know, like, um, maybe two people. I need more time to grow together
instead of just, uh, delving into the relationship. You need to become
a boyfriend and girlfriend first and way had to tackle some of that.
We tried again after I was started going to college. You know,
that's ah, house with three bedrooms and, um, trying to get her a job
and then you start toe, see that it's being married is one of the
most important decision that you make in your life. And I think I would
have benefit benefited from thinking about who I was getting together
with.